Update event section Nov 7 (#1254)
ePages-de/epages-docs: apps/events.md

  totalTax: "3.2"
}
```

### shippingMethod:select

To get more information about this event, you can use the following snippet:

```js
if (window.eComEventTarget) {
  window.eComEventTarget.addEventListener('shippingMethod:select', function (event) {
    console.log('shippingMethod:select', {
      shippingMethod: event.detail.shippingMethod,
    })
  })
}
```

> Here's an example of what you can get:

Reviewer: @dkluever22 I prefer "Here is" instead of the "Here's"-option. I also have a question in general. In your version, I would expect a list of possible things I could get. However, I'm not sure if this applies here as the following text sounds more like a general example. So maybe like this instead?

```suggestion
Here is an example of what you may get:
```

Author: @AliceStatler I used the wording that had been used for other events in the event section. So if we change the wording in this case I would like to adapt it to all the other events as well, to make it consistent.
I get your point, though. @bolsu The examples provided, are those example responses or just response extracts? Could we write something like "Here is an example response you can/may/could get:" to make it clearer or would that be wrong from a technical perspective? Also, which verb would you preferably use?

Author: @bolsu Thanks a lot, Tim 😀 Your suggestion works for me. What do you think, @AliceStatler?

Reviewer: @dkluever22 @bolsu I also think "Here is an example response" works well here. :)

```
shippingMethod: {
  _id: "631E19A1-AD54-518D-B836-AC120004711F",
  name: "Standardzustellung",
  lineItemPrice: {"currency": "EUR", "taxType": "GROSS", "amount": 7, "formatted": "7,00 €"}}
```

### paymentMethod:select

To get more information about this event, you can use the following snippet:

```js
if (window.eComEventTarget) {
  window.eComEventTarget.addEventListener('paymentMethod:select', function (event) {
    console.log('paymentMethod:select', {
      paymentMethod: event.detail.paymentMethod,
    })
  })
}
```

> Here's an example of what you can get:

Reviewer: @dkluever22 See my comment above :)
